welcome to our shamrock tour I'm glad
you have joined us on this right as you
may know the Shamrock to its world on a
signature tour it consists of four one
day round trips from a central location
there's the convenience of staying in
one place home base while exploring the
area we've been publishing these tours
in the magazine for over seven years and
are now bringing you the first one on
DVD we have selected hell in Georgia
because it is a perfect example of the
kind of tour would like to share with
you along the way we meet interesting
people travel through picturesque towns
experience beautiful scenery and seek
out places of interest of course all of
this on votes we've mapped out earlier
in search of the utmost riding enjoyment
let me introduce our team I'm Kristen
Neuhauser the public of Road Runner
magazine also writing a senior editor
chris myers and contributing writer Neil
Bailey after all the planning and
research we can't wait to get on our
motorcycles and start the right
you